Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg—whose company has blundered its way into controversies over everything from user privacy and data breaches to amplification of extremist content and literal genocide as of late—responded to growing criticism of the tech sector by …
In 2014, Amazon announced that it would power its rapidly expanding fleet of data centers with 100 percent renewable energy. Apple, Facebook, and Google made similar pledges two years before that, and pressure from consumers and environmental groups drove Ama…
This gender gap in AL skills isn’t shrinking: our data shows that the proportion of women with AI skills has failed to grow over the last four years despite an increase in AI skills overall.
A proposal for building an index of the Web that separates the infrastructure
part of the search engine - the index - from the services part that will form
the basis for myriad search engines and other services utilizing Web data on
top of a public infrastruc…
The latest damning assessment of Facebook’s trampling of user privacy comes from the Canadian and Columbia privacy commissioners — which have just published the results of an investigation kicked off in the wake of the Cambridge Analytica data misuse scandal …
Is the BJP less dynastic than the Congress? Not so, Lok Sabha data shows Scroll.in Lok Sabha elections: How BJP beats Congress in turning votes into seats Times of India In A First, Shiv Sena To Contest Lok Sabha Seats In West Bengal NDTV News Opinion | Lok S…
Plus: Millions of Netflix users aren’t paying, a private equity firm acquires Gizmodo Media Group, and Pinterest sets its IPO range below its initial filing.
A Kremlin-led operation to upend the the 2016 U.S. presidential election was so successful that experts warn the Russians are certain to try again.
In a broad new set of sustainability commitments, the company wants to use its tech to develop tools to monitor and find insights in environmental data. In 2012, before declaring your company “carbon neutral” was de rigueur, Microsoft committed to that standa…
A Chinese dating app for lesbian and queer women exposed the profiles and private data of over 5.3 million users, TechCrunch reported on Wednesday, possibly since June 2018. Read more...
Plus: Millions of Netflix users aren’t paying, a private equity firm acquires Gizmodo Media Group, and Pinterest sets its IPO range below its initial filing.
It’s the first time the Facebook CEO has given a network TV interview since the Cambridge Analytica scandal. Less than a day after news broke that Facebook had yet another data scandal on its hands, Mark Zuckerberg sat down with George Stephanopoulos on ABC’s…
A funeral today for one of the victims of the attack at St. Sebastian’s Church in Negombo, Sri Lanka.
Senators Mark Warner (D-Virginia) and Deb Fischer (R-Nebraska) have introduced legislation to ban so-called “dark patterns” tactics designed to trick users into handing over access to their data, Reuters reported on Tuesday. Read more...
Google Fit is no longer the sole province of Android users. Google has released Fit for iOS, giving you the same tracking of "Heart Points" and "Move Minutes" as your Android-toting friends. And importantly, it's not an island of fitness data -- it can connec…
Facebook has agreed to amend its terms and conditions under pressure from EU lawmakers. The new terms will make it plain that free access to its service is contingent on users’ data being used to profile them to target with ads, the European Commission said t…
Two Romanian residents are about to face prison time for a particularly large digital crime spree. A federal jury has found Radu Miclaus and Bogdan Nicolescu guilty for a scheme that stole credit card data and other sensitive info by hijacking over 400,000 co…
Helm’s $500 home server shows that data privacy can be addressed with better design. When you think about a backup hard drive, or a home server, what do you think of? A black box and a rat’s nest of wires? Blinking, blue LED lights? Edward Snowden? “Release t…
That’s it for Google+, Google’s failed social network that once tried to take on Facebook and Twitter. As scheduled, the company has now started deleting user accounts and their data. Chances are, you’re not going to feel all that sad about the end of Google+…
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg—whose company has blundered its way into controversies over everything from user privacy and data breaches to amplification of extremist content and literal genocide as of late—responded to growing criticism of the tech sector by …
